Allow relative-to-root toctree dirs in autosummary (#11638)
sphinx-doc/sphinx: doc/usage/extensions/autosummary.rst

     The ``toctree`` option also signals to the :program:`sphinx-autogen` script
     that stub pages should be generated for the entries listed in this
     directive.

     The option accepts a directory name as an argument;
     :program:`sphinx-autogen` will by default place its output in this
     directory. If no argument is given, output is placed in the same directory
     as the file that contains the directive.  The directory is interpreted as
     relative to the directory of the source file, unless it begins with the

>      system path separator (``/`` for Unix-likes), in which case it is relative

Reviewer: Does it mean that for Windows, it should be `\` ? You shouldn't say "system path separator" otherwise. Also you are using `posixpath` so I am assuming that you only want to treat `/`.

Author: Oh thanks for the catch - it's out-of-date documentation.  Originally I had written it to use `os.sep`, but then I realised that the whole directory handling in `autosummary` at the moment requires Unix-like paths and that it'd just make everything inconsistent for Windows builds to use different relative separators.

I've updated this documentation in 62b27c495.

     to the documentation root.

     You can also use ``caption`` option to give a caption to the toctree.

>      .. versionchanged:: 7.3

Reviewer: Since it's a feature, I think it's more a ``versionadded`` that is needed rather than a ``versionchanged``.

Author: Sure, I wasn't sure how Sphinx preferred these things.  Done in 62b27c495.

Reviewer: Ah no worry. Actually there isn't any strong convention. It's just that I think "versionchanged" should be reserved to "orthogonal" things changing wrt to the previous implementation without being deprecated. But anyone is free to argue !

     The ``toctree`` option also signals to the :program:`sphinx-autogen` script
     that stub pages should be generated for the entries listed in this
     directive.

     The option accepts a directory name as an argument;
     :program:`sphinx-autogen` will by default place its output in this
     directory. If no argument is given, output is placed in the same directory

>      as the file that contains the directive.  The directory is interpreted as
>      relative to the directory of the source file, unless it begins with the
>      path separator ``/``, in which case it is relative to the documentation
>      root.  All paths should use the separator ``/`` regardless of the
>      operating system used for the build.

Reviewer 2: Currently inconsistent, but I'd prefer to say "source directory" rather than "root", as there are at least 4 direcories that users may configure. 
```suggestion
     as the file that contains the directive.
     The directory is interpreted as relative to the directory of the source file,
     unless it begins with ``/``, in which case it is interpreted as
     relative to the documentation source directory.
```

Author: Done in e4dd14fa7

     You can also use ``caption`` option to give a caption to the toctree.

     .. versionadded:: 7.3

>         allowed setting a directory relative to the documentation root.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        Directories may now be set relative to the documentation source directory.
```

Author: Done in e4dd14fa7.
